[Rocprof-systems]: Enable KFD event tracing support (#4036)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/docs/how-to/configuring-runtime-options.rst

   * ``hip_api`` which will enable both ``hip_runtime_api`` and ``hip_compiler_api``.
   * ``hsa_api`` which will enable all hsa domains, ``hsa_core_api``, ``hsa_amd_ext_api``, ``hsa_image_exit_api``, and ``hsa_finalize_ext_api``.

>    * ``kfd_events`` which will enable all Kernel Fusion Driver (KFD) domains, ``kfd_page_fault``, ``kfd_page_migrate``, ``kfd_queue``, ``kfd_event_queue``, ``kfd_event_unmap_from_gpu``, ``kfd_event_dropped_events``. Requires ``HSA_XNACK=1`` and an XNACK-capable GPU and ROCm version 7.3 or above (ROCProfiler-SDK version 1.2.1 or above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``kfd_events`` which will enable all Kernel Fusion Driver (KFD) domains, ``kfd_page_fault``, ``kfd_page_migrate``, ``kfd_queue``, ``kfd_event_queue``, ``kfd_event_unmap_from_gpu``, ``kfd_event_dropped_events``. Requires ``HSA_XNACK=1`` and an XNACK-capable GPU with ROCm version 7.3 or above (ROCprofiler-SDK version 1.2.1 or above).
```

Reviewer: Is there a version mismatch? The latest ROCm version is 7.2.1, and the ROCprofiler-SDK version is 1.1.0.

Reviewer 2: You are correct. There is no official 7.3.0 version. We have ROCm 7.2.x, then it jumps to ROCm 7.12.x when we move to the new build system.

For example, the following is a valid configuration:

.. code-block:: shell

   ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS=hip_runtime_api,kernel_dispatch,memory_copy,rocdecode_api,rocjpeg_api

> To enable KFD event tracing for GPU memory management analysis:

Reviewer 2: This section is a little confusing. 
For example, are you saying that `HSA_XNACK=1` can also be defined in your configuration file like `ROCPROFSYS_ROCM_DOMAINS` can? 
Are `hip_runtime_api`, `kernel_dispatch`, and `memory_copy` all _required_ for `kfd_events` events to be captures?

Author: Modified the instructions please check if this looks better now.

   * ``kernel_dispatch`` can be used to enable kernel dispatch tracing.
   * ``rocdecode_api`` can be used to enable rocdecode API tracing.
   * ``rocjpeg_api`` can be used to enable rocjpeg API tracing.

>    * ``kfd_events`` can be used to enable all KFD (Kernel Fusion Driver) event tracing, including page faults, page migrations, queue evictions, unmap events, and dropped events. Requires ``HSA_XNACK=1`` and an XNACK-capable GPU. Individual KFD domains can also be enabled selectively: ``kfd_page_fault``, ``kfd_page_migrate``, ``kfd_queue``, ``kfd_event_queue``, ``kfd_event_unmap_from_gpu``, ``kfd_event_dropped_events``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``kfd_events`` can be used to enable all Kernel Fusion Driver (KFD) event tracing, including page faults, page migrations, queue evictions, unmap events, and dropped events. Requires ``HSA_XNACK=1`` and an XNACK-capable GPU. You can also selectively enable the Individual KFD domains: ``kfd_page_fault``, ``kfd_page_migrate``, ``kfd_queue``, ``kfd_event_queue``, ``kfd_event_unmap_from_gpu``, ``kfd_event_dropped_events``.
```
